['Clean, luxurious, quite, convenient,\nGood breakfast.', 'Location.\nThe dinner buffet is not worth the money.', 'In room Breakfast ordered... Normally the food is great in Novotel but this time the alooo parantha and Masala Dosa was not as it should be. Frank opinion. But overall the food at the property is good.', 'Food over there is costly.', 'Gym should be more equipped', 'Bed is big and comfortable', 'Mornings breakfast of staff Not maintain properly', 'Rooms were clean, comfortable and spacious. The room I took also had an ironing board available which was very convenient for me.\nThe roomservice is very friendly, they really made sure my stay was comfortable.\nI requested airport transfer on short notice which was no problem for them to arrange.\nAlso when calling roomservice they were understandable and arranged things in a quick manner.', 'The door to the toilet however was awkward, it were two doors that you need to unlock seperately and then had an inconvenient locking mechanism, it worked but could have been improved in my opinion.', 'Hospitality and reStaurant staff', 'Gym', "The Novotel Hotel at Ahmedabad is a good business hotel, and usually meets the expectations that one would have with a business hotel. The hotel security and valet are extremely courteous, and are always welcoming. It's a comparatively new hotel, hence all the furniture and equipments inside the rooms are brand new, well laid out and that of contemporary designs. The housekeeping at the hotel is excellent - the rooms are always squeaky clean and the couch is dust-free. The clean and high-quality linen and bedding, along with a really good set toiletries just adds to the experience.", "The hotel has a tiny lobby, compared to the number of rooms, banquet halls and meeting rooms, which is why one will always find it crowded and noisy, many a times with a queue at the reception / check-in desks. Given an open plan at the ground level, the cafeteria is connected to the lobby (rather a part of it), hence one shouldn't really expect a 'quite' meal. Moreover, for the 3-4 times that I have stayed at this hotel, I have felt that the staff, especially at the reception and reservation desk are a little curt with their replies, and are always preoccupied with something or the other. I stay at other Novotel Hotels around India, frequently, and usually enjoy the in-room dining experience, however the food served to me at this particular hotel, along with room-service, has never come close to meeting my expectation, or even close to the standard that of other Novotel Hotels, along with the fact that its quite common for the room-service staff to bring you food without any condiments.", 'Temperature control system and its efficiency was good.', 'No complimentary fruit platter like most other five stars give. Also no proper toilet accessories provided.', 'very nice enjoy the stsy very much', 'staff and food', 'everything and everyone is very nice', 'service', 'kids play area is very small', 'Location', 'Staff was not courteous', 'Excellent Breakfast', 'Room was not properly cleaned.\nIn room bar was empty and at checkout they asked if I hv used anything from mini bar...lol', 'Room is really good and large, friendly staff is willing to help. Hotel instantly replied to my e-mails before and after my stay. The food in the restaurant was really spicy, at the level, which exceeds the tolerance of a typical European. After unsuccessful trials with waiters I decided to speak directly to the chief. He was very kind, he understood me properly and he coocked for us really good meal without any spicies. I was touched when he visited us after the meal to learn about our opinion. \nI have missed some clothes in the hotel room after I left the hotel. I realized this my fault only on the next day, when I reached my home and open the travel bags. I contacted hotel by e-mail and learned that my things were kept for me by hotel staff. \nWe were really afraid about possible stomack desease due to water or food in India. We stayed in Novotel for one week without any minor problem with health. Thanks a lot for this!', 'Staff is willing to help, but it is not always accurate enough. I have asked about the wake-up call, which appeared 1 hour earlier than I asked. Then, I askes again to wake me up at the right time. They did it 10 minutes later.', 'Standard room size big enough to accommodate 2 Adults & 2 children below 12 years without any requirement of extra bed . Breakfast buffet spread exceeds expectations .', 'A bathtub in the bathroom would have enhanced the wonderful experience .', 'All good', 'Nothing as such', 'no it took half an hour to get my room ready which was the only setback.', 'Breakfast was very good !', 'Check in was slow & complicated, felt like not being welcoming guest upon arrival. Asked for higher security then the total rent and as the debit card did not work they Refused to take the payment in cash but later agreed !\nLobby was mostly too crowded due to seminars / slow check in etc,', 'Need steam jacauize', "Please take out smoking place from swimming pool it's unhealthy", 'Location', 'As I had to go Gandhinagar for official work next day morning, the location suits me perfectly.', 'Swimming pool facility . Cleanliness and most of the things.', 'Staff although supporting but initially the services and clarity about payble things are not crystal clear.', 'Location and super friendly staff', 'The room I got was a smoking room when I specifically asked for non-smoking', '- staff were friendly\n- location is very good', "- breakfast spread wasn't impressive\n- fruits were stale, after informing they realized and replaced. Don't expect such things from a 5 start hotel\n- in the rooms all doors have aluminium handles for opening which have sharp edges hence unsafe", 'Service', 'Very good', 'Novotel Ahmedabad is conveniently located on the SG Highway and has good facilities. The staff is courteous and helpful. The service quality and food are of a good standard. Would definitely recommend to couples and business/solo travellers.', 'break fast', 'bed-', 'The stuff was helpful for early check-in', 'There is no negative points for this Hotel\nVery Good Experience & will stay again if I visit Ahmedabad India', 'Room Size, Cleanliness, Location, Dining Options, Food.', 'Bed is too soft. Bathroom doors are weird. Overall decor needs update.', 'The staff were incredibly helpful. The buffet breakfast was a genuine spread. Spacious, well furnished rooms.', 'Slightly slow service in the restaurant.', 'Staff were very helpful and friendly', 'Service of staff', 'The quality of some of the food items such as fruit juices', 'The staff, the location, cleanliness and services are too good.', 'Convenient location', 'Restaurant food extremely spicy also on no spice food special request', 'Breakfast was awesome.', 'The cleanliness of bathroom was not as per Novotel standards specially the washbasin. The terrace outside my room was very dirty thus could not open curtains in morning.', 'Neat and clean - excellent gymnasium and swimming pool - courteous staff - prompt service', 'The rate was higher than expected. There was no Bath tub facility in bathroom and only showers were provided. Room size was smaller than expected.', 'sdfv', 'sdcv', 'Most of all', 'Nothing', 'Staff responsiveness and willingness to do more to delight customers.', 'Nothing I could gather in one night stay', 'Breakfast and polite staff.', 'House keeping service was externally slow.', 'The staff were very courteous. The breakfast spread was good with some good local menu also. Location of hotel is good and well connected with most parts of the city.', 'Everythng was good.', 'feel like Homely stay', 'The staff were very courteous \nThe check in process was smooth so was the checkout \nBreakfast was well laid and variety was commendable \nEspecially happy with Mr Narayan for ensuring to get feedback every day at breakfast \nPR par excellence \nKeep it UP NOVOTEL', 'The lift kept rejecting my card', 'Nice Ambience, Clean Rooms and Comfirtable Beds. Location also an advantage.', 'Staff response, delay in service at the cafe especially at the late morning hours i.e. between 10:30 - 11:30', 'Room was clean \nNo noise \nStaff were helpful in corridors', 'Lack of toilet paper \nYour shower , do not like the gap for water to come out on the side \nYour reception staff could make it more personal , I felt it lacked warmth', 'Breakfast must be hot . Everything was absolutely cold.', 'The breakfast spread with its regional delights', 'Nice spacious clean rooms, nice food menu swimming pool.', 'Price-quality is very poor, location wise there is not much to do in the area', 'The hospitality was superb!', 'I just stayed 1 night, i wish i could do more.', 'Good location and overall a modern feel to the hotel. Very friendly and helpful staff too.', "They don't seem to vacuum the carpets when they clean the room which is very odd. Cost of transfers to airport are extortionate when organised by the hotel. More than 15 times what UBER charge!", 'Perhaps, it would be nice if you interact with your customers and ask if they would require airport shuttle.', 'There was a major problem with the toilet. The toilet flush was not working. It was taking time to get rectified. Then, I had to request to change my room, which was done promptly. \nAlso, I expected that there would be a bath tub.', 'The staff was some of the best I have experienced. The restaurant staff was exceptional!! Our favorite waiter remembered from one day to the next how we wanted our tea. It added a personal note in a very large hotel. He was also very gracious when we practiced our newly learned Gujarati!', 'Excellent location, food, environment and good service', 'Room size could have been bigger and there was a certain odor in the corridor', 'The bed was comfy, the breakfast was excellent. Located very close to other eateries and shops, good to walk around.', 'Someone was working at night nearby room', 'Nice rooms and facilities', 'Pool is too small', 'Restaurant', 'Swimming Pool could have been better attended. No one was available for towel or other assistance. Water was too cold. View of room was bad.', 'The staff at the square - the chef, Mrinmoy, wait staff - Tanmay, Amit, Rafiq, Soumya and several others. Front desk staff, Prachi, Jayesh, Paddy.', 'Towels were stained and Grey not white - didn’t feel clean. Housekeeping not responsive or paying attention to cleanliness and replenishing of supplies such as toiletries and coffee.', 'Location. Efficient staff.', 'Bathroom extractor nit working. Lighting too subdued.', 'Nice staff', 'I booked for twin room. when I checked in at 22.00 I received double bed room and staff can’t change room now. I have to waiting for 2 hours for preparing new room so that I got room at 1 am.', 'The connection beteen booking.com and novotel is bad. I hax informed booking.com for room.decoration which wasnt mentioned. I had mentioned that i needes zmoking room...that also wasnt given.', 'All the things', 'Nice masala tea', 'Washroom', 'Location,breakfast', 'good staff especially the front desk staff the duty managers.they take the effort to make you comfortable and they really compliment the hotel.', 'nothing as such', 'Breakfast spread, room layout', 'People are so friendly and the Room ID is very very nice.', 'No many food choices specially for foreigners \nTowels is always not that clean.', 'Rooms maintenance was not up to Novotel standard and one of the bathroom curtain was coming down.', 'Amazing staff and managers very accommodating especially the duty manager Padmanabha Sen, and Jayesh assistant manager', 'We liked your service.', 'Service', 'Pool', 'Staff in the restaurant was very attentive and friendly!', 'Staff was cordial and helpful', 'Washroom and sanitary fittings', 'Dress code fr swimmingpool.', 'High, modern standard; excelent staff;', 'Everything is very good and i got what i expect from this property.', "I like the food and the staff's behavior. I felt nice staying over there.", 'I asked manager about it too but they said that rug and bath towels are given when asked. But I felt if it would have been kept there before being asked, it might felt good.', 'Room, service, food...', 'Airconditioning in the room is sometime too cols without seem possibility to raise temps (maybe the thermostat is not working well).\nDArkening of the room in the morning can be improved.', 'Good location', 'Nothing particular', 'Tailor -made cuisines every time when you ask....Speak to the chef Rakesh...wonders happen', 'Decent good property', "Showers. Not so great. It's not hotels fault but not enjoyable bath", 'Location', 'Lovely comfy bed, great breakfast, nice pool and terrace', "Bathroom could have been cleaned better- the sink didn't look sparkling clean also more towels should have been available", 'Poha', 'All staff members were very cooperative. Assist you with best possibilities.', "Rooms were okay, buffet breakfast was okay, doesn't provide car wash service even in paid services also. Value for money okay.", 'Food and location was very good. Staff was also very helpful. Highly recommended for a stay in ahmedabad', 'there is no single thing I can mention. it is the overall experience that was very satisfying.', 'Location, staff and comfort', 'CHECKING IN PROCESS COULD HAVE BEEN LITTLE FASTER', 'The room was large. The staff were extra friendly and tried to cater to our every need. The food in the restaurant was delicious with a fairly large variety. The location was great for us', 'The wait time at the check in and check out counters could be reduced', 'WiFi speed is excellent. Location - right on the SG Highway.', 'Loby is very small', 'Breakfast was ok', 'Rooms were dirty i even found cockroach in the room . Cleanliness was very poor . Toilet was dirty at sometimes .', 'Comfortable bed', 'Strong smell of petroleum and pesticide during all stay in corridor and room on 7th floor. Reported twice with no feedback', 'The room was comfortable but the maintenance, especially in the bathroom, is not properly done. Breakfast was very good.', 'I felt greatly stressed when, while arriving on Sunday evening, somebody from the desk office told me they could not give me a room because of construction works. They proposed to shift me to an other hotel which I refused. After keeping me waiting for more than half an hour; they finally told me they had found a room for me.', 'I showed them the', 'All Of Novotel', 'nothing', 'BREAKFAST and cost', 'Location, service and food', 'Room furniture was too old not maintained properly', "Courtesy of all the supporting staff. Every supporting staff was very good, particularly Housekeeping (10th floor) under Mr Mukesh was excellent and his staff Suresh and Arabinda's effort and behaviour was really good to be mentioned.", 'Location', 'Room and staff', 'breakfast ,room service and the staff were very friendly.', 'rooms were not as expected in the site as well as in the photos.\nvery disappointed.', 'Breakfast and services are good.', 'Rooms are small. Not value for money.', "This review is hidden because it doesn't meet our guidelines.", 'Location, rooms except bathroom.', 'No professionalism, strict about checkout timings', 'Nothing', 'The food was abyssmal. I ordered chinese Kung pao chicken, it was overpoweringly sweet. The food in general was poor quality. The room was dirty. It had a strong smell of freshner. Service was slow. Was very unhappy with my stay. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.', 'Fresh bread & the salad', 'Milk was warm & not hot', 'Quality of food and variety was not upto the mark', 'Nice staf nice location good servies', 'On Check in it took a lot of time', 'staff attitude is too bad . Even Duty manager was non cooperative and they share wron information with me that my booking with hotel is automatically cancelled by booking.com and they have oblige me by providing single bed room instead off twin bed .', 'as above', 'environment is good.', 'Horrible bath room .Could escape narrowly. Wall glossy tile was pasted on ground which was slippery in water. could have fatal if soap used. So left hotel.', 'Rooms are very comfortable with all the amenities one would like to have in a hotel. Any forgotten personal item can be requested and its delivered promptly. Staff very welcoming and always happy to help.', 'Nothing !!', 'Facility\nFood \nCondition\nService and understanding\nCleanliness', 'The service from reception not very receptive (one particular staff) and the intercom system.\nNo airport reception for higher level room bookings.', 'Location, facilities,variety and quality of food', 'Kids play area, and bathroom without bathtub', 'Best time I spend', 'Nothing but ur web application is not user friendly need more inmpove in add photos', 'Comfortable Room and bed. Breakfast was okay', 'Breakfast could have been better.', 'Everything was so perfect!!', 'Keep good work.', 'everything is in place Perfect..from rooms to restaurants n staff all are well organized', 'Nothing, we were totally disappointed.', 'Breakfast', 'Valet parking takes long time', 'Evrything good', 'The staff at the restaurant was really kind and helpful. Thank you very much for the kind service and delicious food. I would especially like to thank you Kajal Rai, Tanmoy and Suraj for the kind service.', 'Location', 'Very nuce place and comfortable', 'Excellent service like always and a wonderful breakfast !!!\nAwesome spa too', 'Room, food, hospitality', 'The buffet breakfast was a disappointment.The fruit juices were hardly that.The cheese platter and bread had no choice.\nNormally in all Novotel hotels the bakery is a strong point but', 'Good over priced property', 'The lift was not working properly', 'I want a refund', 'Blood stained on the bed spoilt our stay', 'Staff is very frendly, but on the reception if you need something, they kindly promise to inform you, but nothing happen. Again and again you have to ask, reception staff is not realy competent and there for some issue no any reference No in system, everytime you have to explain full story!', 'Superb!!!!', "This review is hidden because it doesn't meet our guidelines.", 'None', 'All', 'Nothing', 'Staff behaviour', 'The staff were responsive', 'Room layout, upkeep', 'The suite is very spacious and bed quite comfortable.', 'Handling of Check In.\nHouse Keeping.\nGeneral enthusiasm to serve better is lacking. Everybody is just doing their routine work with no smile.', 'Breakfast buffet', 'Room was spacious', 'Front desk staff were not helpful and couldn’t communicate properly especially around extra charges. Happy to take your money quickly', 'excellent !!', 'Location', 'Requested for two single beds-didn’t get. Food was not good.', 'the only staff at the hotel who was friendly enough was mr. narayan at the restaurant.', 'front desk staff was not friendly and was very adamant on certain issues though my repeated request almost fell on deaf ears, especially when a guest is travelling with children we expect that some time some flexibility should be shown .', "We stayed here last minute as our flight was delayed and we opted not to drive to our destination which was about 4 hrs away. Was asked to go to a room that was not made after the previous guests left. This was after a fairly long wait for check in even though the children were tired and sleepy. Was given another room and this one didn't have hot water and the shower drain was clogged. The room was also not clean. All in all a terrible stay for a $100 + /night stay. Spent less than 9 hrs at the property and wish we didn't have to at all. All the lady at the checkout could say was Hmmm.", 'It was an enjoyable experience, thanks for the welcoming staff at the hotel for helping out especially Mr. Ashu in the reception.', 'Staff was friendly and attentive. Extensive breakfast.', 'All is well', 'The beds were extra comfy and tea maker was a great help', 'No welcome drink/fruit basket in the room no newspaper and also Business centre did not have a printer and even desktop (computers) in the Business centre were erratic.', 'Gym and swimming pool', "There are some things that I would like to mention about this hotel. Firstly although it's Novotel, the quality is very poor. I checked into my room and noticed that the bed sheets were dirty(even had hair of the previous tenant) and the towels were missing. There was only one small towel available. My room was changed the next day and the bed was clean but the bathroom did not have any body wash. It seems there's always something that's missing here. Quite disappointing to see this kind of service at Novotel.", 'Just awesome, they took care of us very well, infact could say they pampered us a lot, we were all in family start from senior citizen, 40+, 30+, teenagers and kids, all of us enjoyed', 'Wont say did not like, but surely the service at the restaurant in the lobby was slow, it messed up out orders once, and the items ordered later were brought first, and the items ordered earlier never came.\nBut comparing to the service they have given, would not really take their credit away for this service at restaurant. I am sure they will improve that', 'Pleasant stay. I was with my family there and it was nice experience. Good food, decent atmosphere, nice staff...overall good experience. Highly Recommended for business stay as well as with family...', 'Comfortable bed and amazing food', 'Everything', 'Their breakfast -choices of veg variety and\nShower.', 'Ease of Booking...hassle-free...', 'Everything went smooth n perfect... So no suggestions.... Keep it up guys...', 'There Masala Chai was Awesome..!!', 'Few of them - Staff, Amenities, Breakfast options', "Very bad service \nI forgot my sport shoes in the room \nReached home and called them \nThey didn't respond well and didn't return them back to me", 'Staff', 'Location, buffet breakfast etc was good. The staff could have been friendlier...', 'The staff was not at all courteous. No one accompanied to the room for the first time. I had to search for my room while going first time there, leave aside the luggage that i had to carry. And i was asked to pay first up while checking in, which i found very weird. Also the breakfast that i ordered in room was pathetic. No sugar accompanying tea, and when i asked for, it was delivered when tea was no more hot. Overall below average experience. Found many other cheaper options a lot better in Ahmedabad', 'The staff were phenomenal and attentive. Always ready to see to all our needs. The execution was sometimes off - people you ask or meet with were always friendly but getting things done ie minibar refilled was slow.', 'Towels smelt of cigarette smoke! Had to ask cleaning staff to clean again or be thorough.', 'Nothing', "I arrived at the hotel at 4:15 in the afternoon. The room should have been kept ready ideally but I was asked to wait for 20 minutes. After waiting for almost 45 minutes, when I asked for the room, they gave me a room.\nWhen I entered the room, I checked the bed linen. The bed linen, pillow covers were all used by the guest staying in the room before me. This is the last thing that we expect from the brands like Novotel. If I wouldn't have noticed, they would have walked away by putting up used bed linen in my room. Moreover, the mini-refrigerator in the room was empty.\nAfter I raised the concern, they changed my room. The entire episode consumed over 2 crucial hours of my working time.", 'The property location and all comfort facilities with very nice and cooperative staff.', 'Very difficult to find such thing', 'Good food', 'Rooms were cluttered. Flush was not working', 'Personalisation , Duty Manager Mr. Das was very attentive and focussed towards my satisfaction .', 'Nothing as such', 'Food is great', 'Food and Ambience were excellent', 'Nothing', 'Traffic', 'Breakfast was nice, loved the concept of Tea from "thela", nice presentation.', 'a bit overpriced.', 'However, the breakfast had many vaieties which is more than expected.', 'The staffs were not help for carrying luggages when we got off the car, so we carried ourselves.\nThis is not match a 5 star hotel quality at all!\nThe check-in staff seemed unhappy, has no smile , the luggage boy was not help to carry luggage to our rooms either! The resaturant at G floor we had first day dinner at, staffs took long time to serve us. Totally speaking, the service was very bad for a 5 star hotel.', 'Service by staff', 'BF average, eating place should be away from sitting area', 'The breakfast spread was good. The staff and the courteous nature was good. The vibe of the entire facility was pretty welcoming and warm. The food in the dine in menu tastes great and is reasonably priced.', 'The bathroom was dirty, not upto the mark of what money was paid. The toilet jet started to leak sometime in the night I got to know about it only in the morning when the entire bathroom was flooded.', 'Nothing', 'Very unprofessional staff, be it at the entrance, lobby or others', 'Staff was not so welcoming', 'Location', 'Bathrooms need a refurb', 'A tub', 'The room was little congested', 'They had no driver accommodations even though we booked and confirmed it a month before. \nStaff at front desk was rude', 'Definitely the staff. Great team really epitome of service with a smile.', 'The bathroom seems dated and unkempt and dark almost borderline dingy. \nThe gym does not have towels stocked up especially early morning hours and also no earphones making it difficult to listen to the TV or music.', 'Nothing to like', 'I selected pay at checkout room bt they wanted advance deposit....and i booked for two day and checked out after one day...they refused to give my deposit...at the booking time i selected pay at checkout and this is so bad...', 'Room and bathroom only partially cleaned at check in. Cigarette smoke in bathroom after coming back (post cleaning).', 'la location e la qualità delle camere', 'il personale a colazione non era sempre reattivo, anche se nulla di grave', 'Het buffet tijdens diner en ontbijt waren zeer uitgebreid en lekker', 'wifi was niet altijd functioneel', '早餐很好，床睡起来也特别舒服。酒店服务员还安排帮我取回了延误在机场的行李箱，并且免费提此供服务。特别赞！', '淋浴间要封闭一些，水都喷洒到外面了', 'ベッドは良い；\u3000少々、道路からの騒音があったものの、長い時間ではないので致し方なし、次回は反対側の部屋がいいかも。', 'コストパフォーマンス性からかもしれないが、トイレットペーパーの紙量が少ない。', 'Frühstück auch für europäischen Geschmack sehr reichhaltig, Personal dabei sehr aufmerksam. Von der Sicherstellung des Airport pick-up bis zur Klärung, wann Zimmer gereinigt werden kann, wenn "don\'t disturb" eingeschaltet war, Aufmerksamkeit und prompte Service. Spitze!', 'rundum zufrieden', 'Gutes Personal extrem freundlich.\nFrühstück war lecker. Essen war auch sehr gut.\nW-lan kostenlos und funktionierte sehr gut\nIch kann das Hotel empfehlen', 'Tout', 'Le service', 'Dans le hall rentré vous mettez toujours la même musique', 'فندق جميل وخدمه ممتازة وموقع جميل', 'السعر مرتفع بعض الشي', 'Das Personal ist sehr bemüht und extrem freundlich. Das Frühstücksbuffet war sehr gut und hatte westlichen Standard. Abends konnte man im hoteleigenen Restaurant sehr sehr gut essen. Schon lange nicht mehr so gut gegessen wie dort. Außer bei Mutti :-)', 'Ich war geschäftlich wegen einer Fachmesse in Ahmedabad. Dadurch waren die Preise extrem hoch. Viel zu hoch für Indien. Dies war jedoch nur zu Messezeit so teuer. Sonst sind die Preise sicher moderat. Nur wer fährt privat nach Ahmedabad??', 'Posizione e lo staff', 'Mi aspettavo più pulizia. La camera 2+2 è solo x 2 ADH +1 CHD. Pochi asciugamani rispetto al numero degli occupanti. Solo 1 paio di ciabatte e nessun accappatoio che normalmente i 5 stelle danno', 'Gutes Frühstück, toller Service', 'WIFI war kostenpflichtig', 'Stab/betjeningen ved hotellet og restauranten var utmerket og elskverdig serviceinnstilt. De var alltid tilstede, smilende, hjelpsomme og ytet den aller beste servise. Rommet var fint og lå praktisk nær heisen. Fellesarealet var fint interiørmessig og utsmykket og ga en avslappet atmosfære. Restauranten var eksellent både iht betjeningen og maten, og jeg nøt virkelig hvert eneste sekund. Uteområde var rolig og fint. Vaktholdet både utenfor og ved inngangen gav meg en utrolig trygg følelse, det var et veldig godt førsteinntrykk! Renholdet over alt var helt topp og alle var fantastisk vennlige. Ville absolutt valgt dette hotellet om jeg skulle tilbake til Ahmedabad.', 'Veldig lite å klage på. Det eneste som kunne vært bedre er reguleringen av temperaturen på rommet jeg hadde, det ble litt for kaldt noen ganger hvis jeg oppholdt meg over lengre tid der. Badet var greit nok for meg.', 'La piscina, el desayuno y la habitación', 'El olor a comida en las zonas comunes', 'wifi给力', '卫生也太差了！床单枕头上明显血渍！ 半夜骚扰电话不接居然直接敲门！', 'De accomodatie was goed. Er was geen vervoer voorzien vanuit de luchthaven omdat booking.com de "special requests" niet heeft doorgegeven aan het hotel. Best boeken via het hotel zelf.', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review', 'There are no comments available for this review']